Nissan also got to clover glucose Alpine
held your head unit and a power 6000
watt miss it down
how's my boy Chris right there go ahead
car you feel you'll be much too late
yeah yeah you gotta get on to a kid
who's with his power the street air down
I show you much shit over here
alright I got the newest Alpine Hagen
and then came out and on sound rockin
that I show you the trunk now the trunk
there goes the 212 with Lucas in there
in a QLogic box you seeing yeah now my
amps behind it I told you to mention
Cyrus and styles and watch here's my
review how to take you down it's nice to
see what is baby good you all kinda shit
I will pay money car clothes hoes a
little way there look at the truck first
oh my god the food is on the game
you would have ever got inside I guess I
see that's my setup kid leave comments
or whatever about it preciate a lot
y'all later